README and Pip Improvements (#23)
CNERG/RadClass: README.md

A collection of tools (including data analysis and machine learning applications) that can be used to explore radiation data (temporal and spectral) for external identification of radiation signatures.

## Table of Contents

1. [Installation](#Installation)

2. [Usage](#Usage)

## Installation

### Dependencies

* Python 3

Versions 3.6-3.9 are currently supported by tests. The following Python packages are required to run (found in `requirements.txt`):

* h5py
* numpy
* pandas
* progressbar2
* scipy

Scripts can be run from the top-level directory:

`python /path/to/RadClass/script`

Or `RadClass` can be installed using pip:

> `python -m pip install /path/to/RadClass/. --user`

Reviewer: How do you run it after it's installed?

Author: A script including import statements (i.e. `import RadClass` or `from RadClass import H0`) and then execute the script with `python /path/to/script.py`.

Reviewer: This is perhaps a bit of a confusing juxtaposition, then.  The first suggestion is to just run scripts in place, suggesting that the way to use it is to run a script.  Then you suggest the alternative of installing it, but there is no equivalent for now to run it. (Not sure if I'm making sense....)

Author: Ah yes, you do make sense. Ultimately, RadClass requires a user script to run, with the expectation of the user importing RadClass module(s) to their program. I think there's just some formalism to clean up, but we should debug offline to make sure I understand.

## Usage

RadClass is designed to be modular, allowing a user to use analysis modules as needed:

<p align="center">

>   <img width="600" src="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=14RZCOaTmcwKaEjiWHaQeARaxCpx3zAur">

Reviewer: Put the images in the repo, as well, rather than referring to gdrive 

Also, I think there is markdown syntax for embedding images
```
![GitHub Logo](/images/logo.png)
Format: ![Alt Text](url)
```

</p>

An HDF5 data file is specified as input, which is processed by `DataSet`. The user can specify a type of `AnalysisParameters`. For example, `H0` for hypothesis testing, `BackgroundEstimator` for background estimation, etc.
`RadClass` then uses `DataSet` and the user specified `AnalysisParameters` to run, storing the results for use by the user.
To see examples of how a user can initialize and run `RadClass`, review /tests/.

> `RadClass` expects a data structure as follows:

Reviewer: Maybe a header "Data Format"

<p align="center">
  <img width="600" src="https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1RQM7Ipy1h4zOBaZlpsVTmIpt_mymwFea">
</p>

The HDF5 file must have three groups:

1. A vector of epoch timestamps at which the measurement was taken.
2. If applicable, the live recording time of the detector to correct for dead time. If not applicable, a vector of 1's.
3. A data matrix of `n` measurements given for `m` bins.

> Each groups name must be specified as an input dictionary: `labels`. Integration occurs over the course of the data matrix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each group's name must be specified in an input dictionary: `labels`. Integration occurs over the course of the data matrix.
```
There is one dictionary, right?  There are required keys to the dictionary?

> Each groups name must be specified as an input dictionary: `labels`. Integration occurs over the course of the data matrix.

Reviewer: The sentence beginning with "Integration" is a new paragraph/section on data pre-processing
